en, zh: add expected output after upgrading tidb operator (#878)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/upgrade-tidb-operator.md

    helm upgrade tidb-operator pingcap/tidb-operator --version=${version} -f ${HOME}/tidb-operator/${version}/values-tidb-operator.yaml
    ```

>     After all of pods start normally, execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After all the Pods start normally, execute the following command to update TiDB Operator:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
```

Reviewer 2: `After all the Pods start normally, execute the following command to check the image of TiDB Operator:`

    ```shell
    kubectl get po -n tidb-admin -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=tidb-operator -o yaml | grep image:
    ```

>     Tidb operator would be upgraded successfully if outputs look like below, `${version}` represents the wanted version of tidb operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If TiDB Operator is successfully upgraded, the expected output is as follows. `${version}` represents the desired version of TiDB Operator.
```

>     If TiDB Operator is successfully upgraded, the expected output is as follows. `${version}` represents the desired version of TiDB Operator..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If TiDB Operator is successfully upgraded, the expected output is as follows. `${version}` represents the desired version of TiDB Operator.
```

>       image: pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
>       image: docker.io/pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
>       image: pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
>       image: k8s.gcr.io/kube-scheduler:v1.14.10
>       image: k8s.gcr.io/kube-scheduler:v1.14.10
>       image: docker.io/pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    image: pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
    image: docker.io/pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
    image: pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
    image: k8s.gcr.io/kube-scheduler:v1.14.10
    image: k8s.gcr.io/kube-scheduler:v1.14.10
    image: docker.io/pingcap/tidb-operator:${version}
```

Reviewer 2: The version of `kube-scheduler` should also be a variable.
